0365-X Insecure Account Access
==============================

Description
-----------
Some accounts are not configured to use multifactor authentication. Multifactor authentication requires a user to enter a unique, one-time, authentication code which is generated by an approved device or service along with a password. This is sometimes referred to as "something you know and something you carry," since the password is memorised and the unique code is typically provided by a device.
* 5 global admins do not have MFA configured
* 40 users do not have MFA configured

Reproduction Details
--------------------
To see that MFA is not enabled for certain accounts, visit the following link:
* https://securescore.microsoft.com/

Severity
--------
Medium – Leaving MFA disabled leaves accounts more vulnerable to account compromise and privilege escalation.

This finding indicates a lack of adherence to the following New Zealand Information Security Manual control.
* NZISM 16.1.19. Methods for system user identification and authentication
  * https://www.nzism.gcsb.govt.nz/ism-document/#1824

This finding indicates a lack of adherence to the following vendor recommendation:
* Use multi-factor authentication (MFA)

Recommendation
--------------
Ensure that all accounts require MFA for login. After the configuration change has been made, observe the reproduction details to verify that MFA has been enabled for all accounts.

For information on how to configure MFA, see:
  * https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/security-and-compliance/set-up-multi-factor-authentication?view=o365-worldwide
